Feature/aggregation first (#126)
NERC-CEH/time-stream: docs/source/user_guide/aggregation.rst

    **Example usage:** ``tf_agg = tf.aggregate("P1D", "max", "flow")``

``nth``
^^^^^^^
:class:`time_stream.aggregation.Nth`

    **What it does:** Selects the value (and its timestamp) at a fixed 1-based position within each period -

>     for example, ``n=1`` selects the first value, ``n=49`` selects the 49th 15-minute reading of the day (12:00).

Reviewer: A little confusing on first read, could suggest that it's valid for 15-min -> Daily aggregation.  Could have a concrete example with the 15-min -> Daily below. 

```suggestion
    **What it does:** Selects the value (and its timestamp) at a fixed 1-based position within each period - for example, ``n=1`` selects the first value, ``n=49`` selects the 49th value within the given aggregation period.
```

Author: Yeah I thought that do, that definitely reads better.
